readme.md, before:

# Car rotary service

## Building
```
make CarRotaryController -j64
```

## Enable/disable RotaryService
To enable, run:
```
adb shell settings put secure enabled_accessibility_services com.android.car.rotary/com.android.car.rotary.RotaryService
```
To disable, run:
```
adb shell settings delete secure enabled_accessibility_services
```

## Inject events

### Inject RotaryEvent
To rotate the controller counter-clockwise, run:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-rotary
```
For clockwise, run:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-rotary -c true
```
To rotate the controller multiple times (100 ms ago and 50 ms ago), run:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-rotary -dt 100 50
```

### Inject KeyEvent
To nudge the controller up, run:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-key 280
```
Use KeyCode ```280``` for nudge up, ```281``` for nudge down,```282``` for nudge left,```283``` for
nudge right.

To click the controller center button, run:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-key 23
```

To long click the controller center button, send down and up action seperately. For example:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-key 23 -a down && sleep 2 && adb shell cmd car_service inject-key 23 -a up
```

Commit message:

Add README with details about the status of support for this app
Bug: b/375598322
Change-Id: Ie0f6a9d9858bb0a3094ed0c263d9a49434db7f96

readme.md, after:

This app is not actively supported and the source is only available as a
reference. This project will be removed from the source manifest sometime in
the future.

# Car rotary service

## Building
```
make CarRotaryController -j64
```

## Enable/disable RotaryService
To enable, run:
```
adb shell settings put secure enabled_accessibility_services com.android.car.rotary/com.android.car.rotary.RotaryService
```
To disable, run:
```
adb shell settings delete secure enabled_accessibility_services
```

## Inject events

### Inject RotaryEvent
To rotate the controller counter-clockwise, run:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-rotary
```
For clockwise, run:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-rotary -c true
```
To rotate the controller multiple times (100 ms ago and 50 ms ago), run:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-rotary -dt 100 50
```

### Inject KeyEvent
To nudge the controller up, run:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-key 280
```
Use KeyCode ```280``` for nudge up, ```281``` for nudge down,```282``` for nudge left,```283``` for
nudge right.

To click the controller center button, run:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-key 23
```

To long click the controller center button, send down and up action seperately. For example:
```
adb shell cmd car_service inject-key 23 -a down && sleep 2 && adb shell cmd car_service inject-key 23 -a up
```
